build: publish vue3 on latest (#20099)
cypress-io/cypress: npm/vue/README.md

- Requires Cypress v7.0.0 or later
- Requires [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) version 12 or above

> - Supports webpack-based and vie-based projects, if you would like us to support another, please [create an issue](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/new?assignees=&labels=npm:%20@cypress/vue&template=3-feature.md) or, if an issue already exists subscribe to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supports projects built with Vue CLI, Vite, and Webpack. If you would like us to support another build configuration, please [create an issue](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/new?assignees=&labels=npm:%20@cypress/vue&template=3-feature.md).
```

Install dev dependencies

```shell

> npm i -D @cypress/webpack-dev-server @cypress/vue \
>   vue-loader vue-template-compiler css-loader

Reviewer: These don't work w Vue 3/aren't necessary
```suggestion
npm i -D @cypress/webpack-dev-server @cypress/vue
```
